The first job of the day is straightening the blade. Garozzo convinced that Chung Ho Long looked for the blade in the middle of the attack.
Garozzo having been here before, he's going to be feeling confident in his position. The tactics that Ching played in the semi-final, closing the distance, keeping it close against Schubinich, I don't think will work against Garozzo.
Garozzo is so good in close quarters. Gregory Koenig there, calling the shots for Hong Kong. He's from France, but has been coaching the team throughout Olympic qualification.
He's going to be first to get the points on the board.
A patient game at the moment between these two fencers. Meanwhile, Lipski making a mistake.
Well, counter block worked that time. They look pretty calm, both Garozzo and coach Fabio Galli. I wonder if that's a freebie.
And they're going to try and force that out. Look straight away. The reaction is there. An instant reply. Coming to the other side.
The other line to hit here. First time he went onto the outside. This time he faints to the outside and comes back into the chest.
Finger pointing at Gary. Yes, you got it right, coach. But so did I. I executed what you told me to do. And there.
And now face to engage the more classic one righty against the lefty body, forcing the cart parry, and then a round to finish on the seaside.
Looks so simple when you see it in slo-mo. And it's anything but.
Attack right. Another. One for Garosso. And the one thing you can't do against Danny Garosso is let him get away at the beginning.
He's just too good. Well, it looks as though he had a slightly slow start to this match and now he's finding his groove.
What can Chung answer to this Olympic champion? Can he stop him repeating his career performance? At this rate, it's looking like the Italian is rightly the favourite.
And Shung stuck. Tackle preparation there. Went looking for the blade. Did the Olympic champion.
Lovely attack. Little bit of a stutter in the middle to make Garozzo stop moving backwards.
He thinks he's safe, but I don't know. There comes the end of the attack.
The momentum continued, but it was the staccato nature of that attack from Shun that made it work.