Score sits at 7-6. 15 is the target. We have one more period, defense. We're into the third. Sun needs to press. Popescu will back off. That's the game that they've been playing as the lead has switched and changed around. Popescu looking low. She's ready and looking for a moment. Hot on her feet, keeping them active and alive so she's ready to wait for that moment for an attack. Oh, and that was close! Just not quite getting enough pressure on the point, on target, on sun, nice

 a little bit of a messy affair that situation, and we're back level it feels like we've had a few resets in this match. I mean, it's basically starting with two minutes on the clock and an equal playing field right now. Oh, a lovely lunge attack there by Sun! I can't remember. I think only in the beginning, the very beginning of the match, was there ever more than a one-point lead. You can see that Popescu just giving the beat, meaning that Sun knows what's coming and she's used that to her advantage quite a few times now.

 Sun very close to scoring a point there on it, underside of Popescu's wrist. I really feel like it's Popescu putting that pressure on there. She goes not quite fully committing with that attack. It's almost like they're playing a game of defence versus attack. The fencer who gets the one-point lead just defends and invites the other fencer on. Look at that, that was a beautiful hit! Those feel good when you get one of those just beat comes in for dropping down and just so not able to get her arm out straight quick enough, so now we're all square again. The clock is ticking down, which I think is gonna have the lead when the time runs out. Yeah, we go to that extra minute; the lead has changed so many times, you really can't predict this one.

 If we do go to a priority minute, the computer will decide which fencer gets priority; it's like it's almost like having a lead if the time runs out after a minute then the fencer without or the fencer with priority wins, and we're almost in that situation now except you get the feeling that with just 30 seconds left on the clock, this next hit could win it. Who's going to be brave enough? Whoever wins it is going to do their best to defend any time that's left on the clock. Oh, passivity called! So now because the scores are tied, they'll both get a P-Red, which will give their opponent a point. So it's kind of like a double.

 And because we are under a minute left, we won't see that anymore so no more P cards and that's really made no difference has it, we're still nowhere near 15 the maximum or the finishing score so just a process it has reset it like you say but into the final 10 seconds and oh Sun's got it, Sun has got the lead and that could be the gold, it really could now can she defend it? How many seconds, 12 seconds, it's an awful lot in eBay, so no she's gonna come with the attack, she's pushing, she's pushing, she's waiting and she got it, she got it back at the last of the low line oh my word, she needed that now I think they might step away with three seconds to go, no one's gonna take a risk here we're going to a priority minute oh what an exciting finale this is turning into the fight for the gold to be crowned Olympic champion.

 And there’s just one minute left to discover who is going to take that title, who has priority, difficult to see from our position, has priority so Sun needs to score, she scores, she wins. No score at the end of a minute. And Popescu wins. Of course, Popescu scores! Sun's got it! Sun has got the gold! An incredible performance from Team China. And Hughes Obrey, the coach, the French master who’s been brought in to instruct this team is absolutely ecstatic. He’s celebrating more than Sun. I think he’s stealing the limelight for a moment from an athlete. Don’t take it away from Sun. She is the gold medalist.