Then epee is always a cagey affair at the start because a lead is easier to defend because if you both score at the same time, you both get a point, it's called a double. There is no right of way in epee like there is in foil or sabre; the whole body, target and it's a point weapon. Both of these athletes experienced in this highly pressured situation have met each other many times before in tournaments over the years. If they don't actually start fencing, then passivity will be called. So they changed the rules a couple of years ago, about three years ago, on passivity. They used to just roll forward to the next period. But now they get these P yellows. And if the scores are tied, then it doesn't really have that much of an effect.

 But once a lead is established and there is passivity again, then the card goes only to the trailing fencer and the second card is a P red and that gives a point to your opponent; get two P reds and then you're into P black territory and you will be disqualified from the competition, but you can see no one wants to give away a lead. Oh, clash of guards, Popescu being put under pressure, but maybe she was waiting for that attack from Sun. Parrying with the arm. Didn't work. Popescu was quicker to recover once they clashed into each other. Sun again, just putting that pressure on, moving forwards. Popescu, like a spring, ready to react.

 And Sun just missing the shoulder of Popescu. They're trying to pick her off. Not successful. Another point to the Romanian. Hughes over getting very very animated, the uh French coach of the Chinese team; he's done an amazing job with Team China-continuation there wasn't it from Sun, actually disengagement underneath nice and direct to the chest. Can't complain or argue with that one.

 But basically just beating the blade of Sun. Sun timed that perfectly there. She knew another beat was coming. There you go, beat, beat, and just disengage onto the arm.

 So two apiece, often when the scores level up, the fences can get a little bit more passive. Just step away, don't want to take any risks, don't want to give away the lead again. You'll see Popescu really does aggravate or kind of asking for something out of Sun with all those beats to the blade. Sun, being a pommel grip, doesn't have as much control and strength of the blade; Popescu will be trying to use that to her advantage, but wow, all the way down to the wire there, not working on that occasion just maybe being a little too predictable in that situation well they fenced right up to three seconds from the end of that first period.